# Module3_ChallengeHomework for Module 3 of UNCC FinTech Bootcamp##Datasets used in this analysis: bitstamp.csvcoinbase.csv##Libraries used in this analysis: pandas pathlib%matplotlib inline##Analysis Summary A trend I noticed is that the closing price for Bitcoin across both exchanges tends to be lower at the end of the day than it is at the beginning of the day. The closing price of Bitcoin between Jan. 2018 and Apr. 2018 decreased overall across both exchanges, suggesting that Bitcoin is decreasing in value. This may suggest a good time to buy Bitcoin, so long as there is evidence that Bitcoin may turn around rather than drop completely. The profits per trade dip at the end of the day. Also, cumulative profits rise sharply at the end of the day. In attempting to find any 1% difference between the two exchanges at the end of the timeframe of the data, I had to look through many days just to find a date with even 1 data point that was greater than 1%. This tells me that the opportunity for arbitrage had all but disappeared by March of 2018. ##Contributors Giselle Taraboletti UNCC FinTech Boot Camp##License MIT LicenseCopyright (c) [2021] [Giselle Taraboletti]Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copyof this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to dealin the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rightsto use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sellcopies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software isfurnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in allcopies or substantial portions of the Software.THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS ORIMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THEAUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHERLIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THESOFTWARE.